# _webflux_example_ms_


**_`Andrea Cavallo`_** <br/>


## _Technologies Used_

The following technologies were used to build this application: <br/>
Technologies Involved:

Java 11: The microservices are written in Java 11, taking advantage of the latest language features and improvements in performance.

Spring Boot 3: Spring Boot is used as the foundation for building the microservices, offering a fast and easy-to-use platform for creating standalone applications.

MongoDB: A NoSQL database used for persisting order and product data, offering high performance and horizontal scalability.

JUnit: A testing framework used for writing and executing unit tests, ensuring the quality of the codebase.

Mockito: A popular mocking framework used in conjunction with JUnit to create mock objects for testing purposes.

Maven: A build automation tool used for managing dependencies, building, and packaging the microservices.

Project Reactor: A reactive programming library for building non-blocking, event-driven applications, ensuring the microservices are highly responsive and performant.

Splunk: A monitoring and analytics tool used for collecting, searching, and analyzing log data generated by the microservices.

IntelliJ IDEA: The Integrated Development Environment (IDE) used for writing, debugging, and maintaining the codebase.

Postman: A tool used for testing and interacting with the RESTful APIs exposed by the microservices.

Orchestration:

Apache Camel: An integration framework used for orchestrating the microservices, defining the routes and data transformations between them.

WSO2: An open-source API management platform that is used for securing, monitoring, and managing the APIs exposed by the microservices.
By utilizing these technologies, ROPMS offers a highly available, scalable, and performant system for managing orders and products in a business environment. The use of Apache Camel and WSO2 ensures that the microservices can be easily orchestrated and integrated into a larger system, making ROPMS a versatile solution for various business needs.


## _Requirements_

* Having **Java 11** or later installed. <br>
  You can download it
  from [Oracle's website](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/#java11).


* Having MongoDB  
   <br>
  Install **MONGODB** from [MONGODB's website](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/compass).


* Having a Client-Side application to communicate with the REST API endpoints. <br>
  Install **Postman** from [Postman's website](https://www.postman.com/downloads/).

## _Installation_

1. Clone this repository to your local machine using this
   command : <br/> `git clone https://github.com/Andrea-Cavallo/webFlux-CriteriaBuilderQuery-MapStruct.git`
2. Import the project into your IDE (such as IntelliJ IDEA or Eclipse).
3. Open the `application.yml` file located in `src/main/resources/` and update the database credentials with your own.

  ```yaml
spring:
  data:
    mongodb:
      host: localhost
      port: 27017
      database: productsDB
```

4. Run the application as a Spring Boot application, or using the Maven plugin `mvn spring-boot:run`.





